The `ICommand` interface is a standard interface in the .NET framework that represents a command that can be executed. It is typically used in conjunction with data binding to bind a UI element to a command in a view model.

The `ICommand` interface has two main methods: `Execute` and `CanExecute`. The `Execute` method is called when the command is executed, and the `CanExecute` method is called to determine whether the command can be executed.

Here is an example of the `ICommand` interface in C#:
```cs
using System;
using System.Windows.Input;

class MyCommand : ICommand
{
    private Action _execute;
    private Func<bool> _canExecute;

    public MyCommand(Action execute, Func<bool> canExecute = null)
    {
        _execute = execute;
        _canExecute = canExecute;
    }

    public event EventHandler CanExecuteChanged
    {
        add { CommandManager.RequerySuggested += value; }
        remove { CommandManager.RequerySuggested -= value; }
    }

    public bool CanExecute(object parameter)
    {
        return _canExecute == null || _canExecute();
    }

    public void Execute(object parameter)
    {
        _execute();
    }
}
```

The `MyCommand` class is a simple implementation of the `ICommand` interface that allows you to create a command by providing an `Action` and an optional `Func<bool>` to the constructor.

The `Action` represents the code to execute when the command is executed, and the `Func<bool>` represents a function that returns a boolean value indicating whether the command can be executed. If a `Func<bool>` is not provided, the `CanExecute` method always returns `true`.

The `MyCommand` class can be used to create a command that can be bound to a UI element in XAML. For example:
```xml
<Button Command="{Binding MyCommand}" />
```

In this example, the `Button` element is bound to the `MyCommand` property of the view model. When the button is clicked, the `Execute` method of the `MyCommand` object is called to execute the command. The `CanExecute` method is called periodically to determine whether the button should be enabled or disabled.

The `MyCommand` class is a simple implementation of the `ICommand` interface that can be used as a starting point for creating more complex commands. It can be extended or modified to fit the needs of your application.